---
title: 'Want a similar webpage for yourself (for free)! How?'
date: 2019-09-2
permalink: /posts/2019/09/blog-post-1/
tags:
  - cool posts
  - category1
  - category2
---

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  During my "first" friendly, yet long fight with this website scripts, I often asked myself: "Why endure this long fight?". Every time, I shyly answered: <q>To make someone's long fight short</q>. For not fooling myself, or in the immortal words of [Ricahrd Feynman](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Feynman) <q><i>The first principle is that you must not fool yourself – and you are the easiest person to fool.</i></q>, a blog is born – to help you with your website. For those who are going ahead, wish you a <q>Happy Website building</q>! 
<br>
<br>
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; It is optimized for researchers, who can put nice representative images for their publications (Computer Vision, here I come!), who can contribute materials for teaching, talks, etc. (Educators, find this!) and write occasional blog posts (ahem). As I started building this website with zero knowledge of HTML scripts, and ended up with close to zero knowledge,  sadly, I cannot ask for any pre-requisite (so for the html pros out there, sorry if I sound childish!). Welcome!   

Instructions
======
1. Register a GitHub account if you don't have one and confirm your e-mail (required!)
2.Fork [this repository](https://github.com/maheshmohanmr/maheshmohanmr.github.io) by clicking the "fork" button in the top right. 
3.Go to the repository's settings (rightmost item in the tabs that start with "Code", should be below "Unwatch"). Rename the repository "[your GitHub username].github.io", which will also be your website's URL.
4.Upload any files (like PDFs, .zip files, etc.) to the files/ directory. They will appear at https://[your GitHub username].github.io/files/example.pdf.  

See more info at https://academicpages.github.io/

